Sso-from-tor-fix (#36382)
demisto/content: Packs/Core/ReleaseNotes/3_0_65.md

#### Playbooks

##### A successful SSO sign-in from TOR

> Added a new task to check if the user agent is suspicious and updated the conditional task that checks whether the user is high-risk or the user agent is suspicious.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue when no user agent exists by adding a new task to extract only suspicious user agents.
```
